README.md, before:

# Archiver
In development

## How to install

### Linux
1. clone this repsitory _git clone https://github.com/Stalker7101/Archiver.git_
2. make dir for build files and go to it
3. run _cmake (path to dir with project Archiver)_
4. run _make_

### Windows
1. clone this repsitory _git clone https://github.com/Stalker7101/Archiver.git_
2. configure project with _cmake gui_ interface for your Visual Studio version
3. build project from Visual Studio in Release configuration

You will get archive.exe executive file in Release folder of VS project

**Note:** If you want send program and run it on another machine you should
change settings of the VS project:
_Configuration Properties --> C/C++ --> Code Generation, change the
"Runtime Library" field to "Multi-Threaded (/MT)"_


## How to use
When file is arcvive it has addition extention .darch or .sarch
When file is unarchiving it just delete addition extention from name of archive

Linux: run program - _./archiver_ from build directory
Windows: run _archiver.exe_
Follow intructions in console menu

1. choose type of archiver 1 - dynamic (Vitter), 0 - static (Haffman)
2. choose 1 - archive or 0 - unarchive file
3. enter name of file to archive / unarchive

## Implemented in this project
- archiver with Haffman static algorithm
- archiver with Vitter dynamic algorithm
- console menu
- colsole interface like in Linux utilities

## In development
- special labels which will allow to identify archive and it's type
- fixes of inner classes (StatTree, DynTree ...)
- library of encryption algorithms

Commit message:

Extreme cases (eg: one repetitive or not byte in file), changed readme

README.md, after:

# Archiver
In development

## How to install

### Linux
1. clone this repsitory _git clone https://github.com/Stalker7101/Archiver.git_
2. make dir for build files and go to it
3. run _cmake (path to dir with project Archiver)_
4. run _make_

### Windows
1. clone this repsitory _git clone https://github.com/Stalker7101/Archiver.git_
2. configure project with _cmake gui_ interface for your Visual Studio version
3. build project from Visual Studio in Release configuration

You will get archive.exe executive file in Release folder of VS project

**Note:** If you want send program and run it on another machine you should
change settings of the VS project:
_Configuration Properties --> C/C++ --> Code Generation, change the
"Runtime Library" field to "Multi-Threaded (/MT)"_


## How to use
When file is arcvive it has addition extention .darch or .sarch

When file is unarchiving it just delete addition extention from name of archive

Linux: run program - _./archiver_ from build directory
(You can add binary to a /bin dir and then you can call archiver from any dir)

Windows: run _archiver.exe_

You can pass arguments to programm:

- -h -- for help
- [without arguments] -- console menu, follow instructions                                                                                      
- -s -a [name_of_file] -- make archive with static method
- -s -u [name_of_stat_archive] -- unarchive static archive
- -d -a [name_of_file] -- make archive with dynamic method
- -d -u [name_of_dyn_archive] -- unarchive dynamic archive

In case you did not pass arguments, follow intructions in console menu:

1. choose type of archiver 1 - dynamic (Vitter), 0 - static (Haffman)
2. choose 1 - archive or 0 - unarchive file
3. enter name of file to archive / unarchive

## Implemented in this project
- archiver with Haffman static algorithm
- archiver with Vitter dynamic algorithm
- console menu
- colsole interface like in Linux utilities

## In development
- special labels which will allow to identify archive and it's type
- fixes of inner classes (StatTree, DynTree ...)
- library of encryption algorithms
